Every big life lesson I've learned
how to channel my competitive fire
, how to be a supportive teammate, or partner,
how to focus on what I can control and try to let go of what I can't.
All of that I've learned through sports.
My name is Jodie African.
And I'm the host of a new show called good sport.
It's a podcast about how sports can connect us with one another.
Help us understand the world around us. Help us improve our
oh my god, did we make a self help podcast?
Well, kinda, because I do think sports can help.
And this season at least they've helped me answer some questions I've had for a long, long time.
Like, for instance, why does it feel like every new stadium that gets built leaves people feeling like they got fleeced?
Well, it's because those deals are negotiated by people who talk like this.
What should we do here? Ethically never ever comes up when you're negotiating a stadium deal?
Or another question we get into why certain places are really good at producing professional athletes, and what these hot beds can teach us about giving people a fair shot.
The baseline talent has to be there. And then we go from there. And yes, after that point, we are talking about nurture. And we are talking about belief.
Before I took on this show, I hosted the 538 politics podcast and 30 for 38 ESPN. So I've thought a lot about how sports and politics mirror each other.
Like this. I've noticed maybe you have too, that more and more the template for arguing about sports. It's kind of become the template for arguing about everything.
Just take a word and say it loudly three times in a row. So preposterous, preposterous. Preposterous.
Another episode this season is about my relationship with sports or no longer playing sports.
What happens when you can't play at the same level you're used to?
Well, I talked to soccer legend Carli Lloyd about how hard it is to hang it up.
You always have this this image in your mind of how you would like things to play out. And life doesn't always give you exactly what you want.
Well, it's like sports teaching you one last lesson on the way out.
Exactly.
So that's a taste of good sport.
eight episodes, each one on a compelling question that sports can help us explore.
We'll talk about getting in the zone, the rise of Formula One, lots, lots more.
And I hope it all adds up to this,
an argument from me to you,
that sports really matter,
that they can change our understanding of the world and ourselves.
And that sports can you know, make for a fun eight part podcast that hopefully you'll listen to.
That's up to you, I guess.
Anyway, that's what we're up to this season on good sports from the TED audio collective.
See you soon.
Follow good sport wherever you get your podcasts and on Apple podcasts. You can get good sports ad free and a week early by subscribing to Ted audio collective plus, start your free trial now via the good sport Show page.